
CSS + HTML Practice: https://codepen.io/ntilbe/pen/xxZKzoY?editors=1100    

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	The process of providing meaning to your content so that it's easier for people (and computers) to read. We use the word Semantic to describe tags with meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used for the structure of our site. Similar to a foundation, while CSS is the style.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. They are always specified in the opening tag and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value".
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The <h1> tag is usually used for the title of the page or post and is the first header visible on a page, there should only be one h1 tag per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	image tag and anchor tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The <head> element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag. Metadata is data about the HTML document, and is not displayed.
    7. What is an id? 
	The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	The id attribute is part of the Global Attributes, and can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
	The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	 The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	There is no limit, elements with the same class attribute will get the same style.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).
    15. How do I reference an id?
	By using a '#' symbol in front of the id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section should be used for sections of the page (of similar content), divs are used inside those sections. Think of a bucket of legos that belong in a shelf cubby, the bucket would be the div, and the shelf cubby would be the section.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to style the page and make it "pretty".
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	To select all the h2 elements, you would go to your css file and write h2{everything between these curly brackets will be applied to all of the h2 elements }.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	Write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
	p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. This would be helpful if you plan to use inheritance, so  the child selectors would inherit all of the parents elements. Will save you from repeating code.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a { add any css styles in here }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
	Use the line-height property in CSS.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	Use the letter-spacing property in CSS.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	Use the text-transform property. Seperating that with a colon ( : ), you can use uppercase for all caps, capitalize to capitalize the first letter of each word, and lowercase to have the characters all lowercase.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	(This should be prefaced with the class name of that div) {border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	By pressing Ctrl + A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* You would put your comment between these symbols */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	The name of the file will be on the command line directly before (or above) the prompt.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	Type "ls".
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	Preface with "rm", followed by the name of the file. You should be careful using this feautures because once it's removed, it's gone forever, doesn't go to your recycling bin, it is deleted from your computer and cannot be undone.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Version control helps by tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as possible!
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push/ git push origin (branch name).
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	The first step is to create your own repository (fork the original), then you're going to add your TL as a collaborator, after that is done, we clone the repository by going over to git and typing git clone (and paste your github file name here), 
	after that make a branch on your forked copy instead of commiting to the master branch directly, use your firstName-lastName format, you do this by going into your git project folder and typing "git checkout -b 'nicole-tilbe' ", after that is created, 
	run "git branch" to make sure you created the branch properly. After that, push to your origin branch (For exmaple: git push origin nicole-tilbe). Once all of that is finished, we are going to submit a pull request. Then we will compare across forks,
	click on the base fork drop down menu on your github project and click on your forked copy of the project. Once that's done, you can push "compare & pull request" and it'll compare across branches. Last step is to add your TL as a collaborator and it'll 
	show the TL there is a review requested which is when they can go in and start reviewing the code.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	A block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available (stretches out to the left and right as far as it can). The <div> element is a block-level element. An inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.
	This is an inline <span> element inside a paragraph.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	An absolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	By using "auto", the browser calculates the margin. Written as: "margin:auto".
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Three elements that are display block by default are:  divider element (div), paragraph element, and unordered list element.
	Two elements that are display inline by default are: anchor element/tag and image element
	One element that is display inline-block by default is: Button element
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	The CSS box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.